
## 1. What's new?

We adopted a new organisation for storing our sequences on Github. 

The sequences are now categorised by nature. We have now these folders:
- appspecials: we store the sequences that can only be used in the apps, because they involve actions that only apps can perform
- experiments: in this folder we store sequences that are under test or experiments. If you are testing a new sequence, that's where you should store it first.
- nationaltrust: in this folder we store the sequences built around the theme nationaltrust
- personality: here we store the personality profile questions
- settings: this folder contains sequences that help the client set important user properties (ppSingle, location, age..)
- smalltalk: this folder is the most basic folder. It includes the most common and regular sequences that aren't part of other folders
- stories: this folder contains all the files that are identified as "Stories"
- surveys: here we store all the "Survey" type of questions

This organisation is not fixed and will evolve. When you start a new project (example: nationaltrust), please do not hesitate to create a new folder if you feel it would bring clarity to the organisation.
BEWARE: once a folder is created, it cannot be removed, as some clients will perpetually use these files.

To avoid confusion and proximity with the sequences, masterfiles will be listed store in the following branch: tree/master/data/bot/apps
-> each client has its own folder with its own masterfile. Of course, one can store several masterfiles for the same clients in this folder

## 2. Why was this change necessary?

For two reasons:
- each client having its own need, everyone would create its own folder and have its own implicit rules. This creates a mess very quickly, hence the need for a common basis in sequence organisation.
- as any organisation tends towards entropy with time, it was time to set the rules for this new folder before we start using it

## 3. Where can I see it in the documentation?

Easy. You can see it in this folder: https://github.com/GhostWording/gw-config-apis/tree/master/data/bot/sequences
